---
title:  "My Journey"
subtitle: "Work Experience"
author: "Xinyu Feng"
avatar: "img/authors/wferr.png"
image: "img/e.jpg"
date:   2022-05-08 12:12:12
---
###  Software Engineer Intern, Capital One | Jun. to Aug. 2021
##### Wrote a command line interface using Golang and integrated 5 enterprise tools into a Python library which consumes and produces data to AWS.
##### Standardized deployment of data analysis and machine learning models with a dev-ops tool which was designed and implemented in 8 weeks.
##### Leveraged Jenkins, Boto3, Apache Pyspark, Kubernetes, EMR Clustering, AWS Talos, and HashiCorp Vaults for my project.

###  Software Engineer Intern, Parrot | Jan. to Jun. 2021
##### Used React to build ParrotMob's web app, a platform which allows businesses to reach customers through direct-text-marketing.
##### Complete 6 major, solo features in 16 weeks with 70% test coverage across entire codebase.
##### Authored and merged 33 pull requests, reviewed 40 PRs, and wrote 50,000+ lines of code while being mentored by the CEO.

###  Data Analyst Intern, Tencent | Jun. to Sept. 2020
##### Constructed machine learning forecasting models using CNN, PCA-SVM, and KNN with Python and SQL to  predict regional economy and support company’s growth strategies.
##### Innovated a four-level urban growth index model from navigation app data using random forest, information entropy, TOPSIS, DID, etc; obtained 24 growth indicators by analyzing traffic network density, population mobility, nightlife activity, and tourism suitability.
